Update metadata-syntax-for-github-actions.md (#3468)
github/docs: content/actions/creating-actions/metadata-syntax-for-github-actions.md

#### `runs.image`

> **Required** The Docker image to use as the container to run the action. The value can be the Docker base image name, a local `Dockerfile` in your repository, or a public image in Docker Hub or another registry. To reference a `Dockerfile` (the filename must be `Dockerfile`) local to your repository, use a path relative to your action metadata file. The `docker` application will execute this file.

Reviewer: I think the sentence might be simpler to parse without the parentheses. Maybe change this to:
```suggestion
**Required** The Docker image to use as the container to run the action. The value can be the Docker base image name, a local `Dockerfile` in your repository, or a public image in Docker Hub or another registry. To reference a `Dockerfile` local to your repository, the file must be named `Dockerfile` and you must use a path relative to your action metadata file. The `docker` application will execute this file.
```
